pacman-key: add page (#6474)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pacman-key.md

# pacman-key

> > Wrapper script for GnuPG used to manage pacman’s keyring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Wrapper script for GnuPG used to manage pacman's keyring.
```

> More information: <https://man.archlinux.org/man/pacman-key>.

- Initialize the pacman keyring:

`sudo pacman-key --init`

- Add the default ArchLinux keys:

`sudo pacman-key --populate {{archlinux}}`

- List keys from the public keyring:

`pacman-key --list-keys`

- Add the specified keys:

> `sudo pacman-key --add {{path/to/keyfile}}`

Reviewer: Is this correct?
```suggestion
`sudo pacman-key --add {{path/to/keyfile.gpg}}`
```

- Receive a key from a key server:

`sudo pacman-key --recv-keys "{{key_id}}"`

- Print the fingerprint of a specific key:

> `pacman-key --finger "{{key_id}}"`

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand the point of this point. If you're specifying the key id, isn't that the fingerprint already?

Author: No, based on the `pacman-key --list-keys`, the `uid` is `first_name last_name <me@example.com>`.
So, You can use `pacman-key --finger me@example.com` or `pacman-key --finger 'first_name last_name'` to see the fingerprint.

Reviewer 2: Ah I see. Thanks for the explanation! I wonder if we could rephrase the `key_id` at all?

- Sign an imported key locally:

> `sudo pacman-key --lsign-key "{{key_id}}"`

Reviewer 2: Sign with what?

Author: From the Arch Wiki <https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Pacman/Package_signing>:
> you must locally sign the imported key:
> # pacman-key --lsign-key keyid
> You now trust this key to sign packages.

From <https://www.gnupg.org/gph/en/manual/r1020.html>:
> lsign-key — locally sign a public key with a private key

I think this is similar to trust an imported key. :thinking: Looks like a common practice.
